OSDOCS-13191#Resizing recovery (#91258)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/storage-expanding-csi-volumes.adoc

You can use the Container Storage Interface (CSI) to expand storage volumes after they have already been created.

Shrinking persistent volumes (PVs) is _not_ supported.

.Prerequisites

> * The underlying CSI driver supports resize. See "CSI drivers supported by {product-title}" under "Additional Resources".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The underlying CSI driver supports resize. See "CSI drivers supported by {product-title}" in the "Additional resources" section.
```
